Let's start with the preparation steps we should go through before we actually move our code to some
server.
Now the first step is the obvious one.
We develop our app and we test our code and we did this throughout this course.
We continuously added features and we always tested this.
And of course you want to really test different scenarios all the test with different users on different
devices maybe.
And also what was not the focus in this course.
You of course have all the want to ensure that your scripts and your see as this code works across a
broad variety of browsers but the exact steps there really depend on the kind of application you're
building.
So let's assume everything works fine there and we're happy with the result we got.
Well then we want to move on to the next step before we actually move our code to the servers.
We want to swap our A you are alt which point at local host or anything like that for real you or else
which point at a back end so to the server where our app reads is hosted on.
And we also want to make sure that any credentials or API keys we're using in our code both on the back
and or the front end are prepared for deployment so that they are production ready that we may be locked
down access to certain IP or whatever we want to do there.
And we want to look into environment variables there and we will do so here in this course so that we
can easily swap certain values for testing locally and for deployment so you will see how we could do
that in this module.
And once all of that is done we want to build our application most importantly our front end application
which means we want to build it the code optimize it and bundle it to have as small of a code as possible
and then deployed to a server.
And once our application is deployed of course the work doesn't stop there.
After we won a test this deployed application as well and checked that everything is working.
And of course even once your app is up and running you want to monitor it and maybe adjusted back fix
and so on.
So let's now go through these steps and ensure that by the end of this module we have our application
running on real servers.